gh-129640: Add tests for reference cycle in `gzip.GzipFile` (#130916)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-06-20-25-54.gh-issue-129640.iub32dw1.rst

> Fixed a reference cycle in ``gzip.GzipFile`` when writing to a file.

Reviewer: - Use a Sphinx reference.
- We generally use present tense in the changelog.
```suggestion
Fix a reference cycle in :class:`gzip.GzipFile` when writing to a file.
```
